#include<iostream>

using namespace std;

int main()
{

}

3.  Create a program using the following requirements: 

    a.  Request a 7-character telephone number from the user using an informational prompt
        and translate the characters into a 7-digit telephone number. 
        
        The user will not enter the dash, the program will format the telephone number properly.  
        For example, aaadddd would translate to 222-3333.
        
        Do not code anything for 0 or 1.  This is simply to exercise knowledge of the different while
        loops, switches and nested loops.
        
    b.  Ensure the solution is not case sensitive, i.e., the user may enter AAAADDDD or
        aaadddd.
        
    c.  Include an outer DO-WHILE loop that asks the user if they would like to continue
        entering telephone numbers.  If the user enters y or Y, continue.  Any other entry
        will exit the program.

    d.  Include an inner/nested WHILE loop that processes the entered characters until the
        entered characters are translated into the proper telephone number.

    e.  Use a SWITCH statement to translate characters to numbers. If the user enters something
        other than A-Z or a-z, display an error message and exit the WHILE loop, continuing
        with asking the user if they would like to continue.

    f.  Output/display to the console the translated telephone number.

If you like to include the following line of code:  system("pause");
You MAY need to:  #include <cstdlib>

Complete as much as you can before you submit ensuring what you've completed compiles.  You do not have to correctly
solve the coding exercise, however, you MUST include code that ATTEMPTS to solve the problem to get credit.

The program may be named any name of your choice and must have a .cpp extention.  Do NOT include
spaces in program names; variables may be any name of your choice.

You DO NOT have to comment these programs, however, please include your NAME as a comment in ALL code files.

SUBMIT the code file only (*.cpp). 

The program MUST compile and run and to get credit. 

You MAY zip the files and submit the zipped files.

MUST be submitted before end of class unless otherwise stated.

Questions will be entertained; solution may be discussed in class. This is a collaborative effort to provide examples
and practice for your understanding.
